Welcome everyone to Lesson
2 of your Multimedia course
on the specialization of
Internet of Things here at UCST.
And, now we are going to start talking
to you about Simple CV and Open CV.
>> Yeah, these are going to be the two
main libraries that we'll be using to
create our Computer Vision application.
And the first thing we'll do,
is talk about what's the differences and
similarities between Open and SimpleCV.
>> Absolutely, yeah, so
Randy's going to kind of break it down,
give you a few of the characteristics,
some of the important things about them.
And then we are going to
boot your Dragon Board up,
we are going to get it ready
to build your applications.
>> Yeah.
>> So we're going to actually pull those
libraries over.
>> Yeah, it'll probably be long and
you want to try out the building
an application in Linux.
Go ahead, set your board up with Linux.
>> Yeah, go to 96Boards,
download the newest Linux image,
put it on an SD card or
you can do it through fast boot.
If you like, follow the instructions.
You can go back to our second course.
>> Yeah.
>> Where we show you how to flash on
the operating systems or
they have plenty of documentation
there on the website 96ports.org.
And get your Dragon Board running on Linux
so you can be ready to follow us now.
>> Yep.
>> See you in the next videos.